all right d James here and welcome to my
youtube channel I am doing a review on
the Elector new limit electro splash and
there's only one other video on YouTube
and it's by B to be 2k lighting effects
I guess is what they're called
I wanted to thought I'd give this light
a shot on because it's that it was only
like 45 dollars with Free Shipping and I
when I saw the video by b2 I thought I
had kind of a nifty little pad or a
light pattern to it it was led when I
actually got this in the mail I thought
is the light even in the box but it's
really really light and really really
small here's all the specs on it not
sure if you can see it but it has fifty
four by five millimeter LEDs 12 red 12
green 12 blue and an 18 white what I
really like about this is almost it's
kind of like the LX 5 only the pattern
is slightly different and it has white
in it which is really cool the weight is
only one pound the size is on 7 and 3/4
by seven and a half inches supplying
voltage is obviously a hundred depending
on where you live it's 240 power
consumption is only 10 watts and beam
angles actually 30 degrees on which is
actually pretty decent for this small of
the light it also came with this funky
thing and I don't know if this is to
actually hang it or what but it's like a
Velcro heavy duty velcro thing that can
Akula says eliminator lighting and one
thing that lighting effects in hover was
the fact that
what I pro-life you have questions
wanted to know if the power cord
actually comes off and it does there's
your power switch and a sound
sensitivity knob and which the only
thing that I really don't care for is
the unit is plastic it's definitely a
light really really light white you know
lighting but I've you I've always used
limit lighting in the past and they've
always seemed to be a pretty decent
light never had a problems with I'm sexy
I'm still using one of their couple
there are old halogens every now and
then but Dom this is the one thing that
I really don't particularly care about
the light itself it's got this type of
end on it that goes into the light but
it also has a it doesn't have a ground
plug on it and it's kind of a funky on
type lighting other than that used to be
pretty decent light I've had it plugged
in let's take it into my living room is
not that big but I'm going to be using
it tomorrow at another gay at a gig for
the first time and I'm going to see what
the the actual on see how much of
coverage it it takes up on a dance floor
so I'm going to pause this and let's
take it into my living room and see what
then so there you go the electro splash
live I made by eliminator um I
particularly like it I for $45 or
actually I think I paid 41 it was like
41 free shipping I think it was a
special deal but I think regular price
is like 59 I think for for a price like
this you can't beat it
the pattern I look I just particular
love the pattern on it and like I said
it's light it'll be real good for my
wife to hang up on my truss and won't
have to carry any heavy lighting with me
it seems to cover a pretty decent I mean
area from where I am I think the bigger
you know the farther way you can
actually have the light probably has a
bigger bigger coverage on I mean that I
think one would cover at least us is at
least a 30 foot pay up had coverage on
the dance floor so my dog on so I would
say it's a pretty decent light for 34 45
or even 50 bucks I think I may even end
up picking up another one in heaven too
you know for for my light show because
it's so damn light and and I just in the
pattern is just decent on it and so
there you go the Eliminator electro
splash I'll give you another update on
later on I've got two gigs coming up
this week and I think I'm gonna use it
for both and let you know how it goes so
thanks for watching and practice and
enjoy